Hello, welcome to Qonquest 2!
=====================================================================
Qonquest 2 is a stategy game where you attempt to take over Europe.
The map is split into several provinces, and each province has an
owner and a troop count. The owner is a country, and at the start of
the game each province is owned by a country with the same name. You
can view the troop count of each province by checking the "Provinces"
checkbox, which shows the province names and the troop counts of each
province. Each turn, you get a number of troops equal to the number
of provinces the country you're playing as has times two. You can
then deploy these troops with the "deploy troops" button. First
however, you must set an amount of troops to deploy. This can be done
by left or right clicking the number next to it, which increase or
decrease the number respectively. Shift+clicking the number will
increase or decrease it by 5. Once you've deployed all your troops,
you can move them, by first setting the amount of troops to move, and
then pressing the button. Then you can select the province you wish
to move from, and then the province you wish to move to (available
provinces should be highlighted. If no provinces are highlighted, you
either probably forgot to deploy, or you set the number higher than
the amount of troops you have in any province). Once you're ready,
you can press "end turn" to commit all the actions you've queued. If
you moved troops into enemy territory, a battle will occur, and
you'll get a window showing the result of that battle. If you win,
you will conquer the province. If you lose, then you will lose all
troops you moved into the province. Now, you should be ready to play.
Have fun!
